chore: automate adding sponsors section to readme (#56)
eslint/rewrite: README.md

-   [`@eslint/object-schema`](packages/object-schema)
-   [`@eslint/config-array`](packages/config-array)
-   [`@eslint/compat`](packages/compat)

## Sponsors

> The following companies, organizations, and individuals support ESLint's ongoing maintenance and development. [Become a Sponsor](https://opencollective.com/eslint) to get your logo on our README and website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following companies, organizations, and individuals support ESLint's ongoing maintenance and development. [Become a Sponsor](https://eslint.org/donate) to get your logo on our README and website.
```

Author: changed all occurences. Shall I send a PR to update the same in eslint/eslint repo as well?
